nop nop
move mov
move/from16 mov
move/16 mov
move-wide mov
move-wide/from16 mov
move-wide/16 mov
move-object mov
move-object/from16 mov
move-object/16 mov
move-result mov
move-result-wide mov
move-result-object mov
move-exception mov
return-void ret
return ret
return-wide ret
return-object ret
const/4 mov
const/16 mov
const mov
const/high16 mov
const-wide/16 mov
const-wide/32 mov
const-wide mov
const-wide/high16 mov
const-string sto
const-string/jumbo sto
const-class mov
monitor-enter monitorenter
monitor-exit monitorexit
check-cast checkcast
instance-of instanceof
array-length arraylength
new-instance call
new-array call
filled-new-array fillednewarray
filled-new-array/range fillednewarrayrange
fill-array-data fillarraydata
throw int
goto jmp
goto/16 jmp
goto/32 jmp
packed-switch packedswitch
sparse-switch sparseswitch
cmpl-float cmp
cmpg-float cmp
cmpl-double cmp
cmpg-double cmp
cmp-long cmp
if-eq cmp/je
if-ne cmp/jne
if-lt cmp/jl
if-ge cmp/jge
if-gt cmp/jg
if-le cmp/jle
if-eqz cmp/jz
if-nez cmp/jnz
if-ltz cmp/js
if-gez cmp/jns
if-gtz cmp/jg
if-lez cmp/jle
aget mov/mov
aget-wide fld/fstp
aget-object mov/mov
aget-boolean movzx/mov
aget-byte movzx/mov
aget-char movzx/mov
aget-short movzx/mov
aput mov
aput-wide fld/fstp
aput-object mov/mov
aput-boolean mov
aput-byte mov
aput-char mov
aput-short mov
iget mov/mov/mov
iget-wide mov/fld/fstp
iget-object mov/mov/mov
iget-boolean mov/movzx/mov
iget-byte mov/movzx/mov
iget-char mov/movzx/mov
iget-short mov/movzx/mov
iput mov/mov/mov
iput-wide mov/fld/fstp
iput-object mov/mov/mov
iput-boolean mov/movzx/mov
iput-byte mov/movzx/mov
iput-char mov/movzx/mov
iput-short mov/movzx/mov
sget mov
sget-wide fld/fstp
sget-object mov/mov
sget-boolean movzx/mov
sget-byte movzx/mov
sget-char movzx/mov
sget-short movzx/mov
sput mov/mov
sput-wide fld/fstp
sput-object mov/mov
sput-boolean movzx/mov
sput-byte movzx/mov
sput-char movzx/mov
sput-short movzx/mov
invoke-virtual call
invoke-super call
invoke-direct call
invoke-static call
invoke-interface call
invoke-virtual/range call
invoke-super/range call
invoke-direct/range call
invoke-static/range call
invoke-interface/range call
neg-int neg
not-int not
neg-long neg
not-long not
neg-float neg
neg-double neg
int-to-long inttolong
int-to-float inttofloat
int-to-double inttodouble
long-to-int longtoint
long-to-float longtofloat
long-to-double longtodouble
float-to-int floattoint
float-to-long floattolong
float-to-double floattodouble
double-to-int doubletoint
double-to-long doubletolong
double-to-float doubletofloat
int-to-byte inttobyte
int-to-char inttochar
int-to-short inttoshort
add-int add/mov
sub-int sub/mov
mul-int mul/mov
div-int div/mov
rem-int div/mov
and-int and/mov
or-int or/mov
xor-int xor/mov
shl-int sal/mov
shr-int sar/mov
ushr-int shr/mov
add-long add/mov
sub-long sub/mov
mul-long mul/mov
div-long div/mov
rem-long div/mov
and-long and/mov
or-long or/mov
xor-long xor/mov
shl-long sal/mov
shr-long sar/mov
ushr-long shr/mov
add-float fld/fadd/fstp
sub-float fld/fsub/fstp
mul-float fld/fmul/fstp
div-float fld/fdiv/fstp
rem-float fld/fdiv/fstp
add-double fld/fadd/fstp
sub-double fld/fsub/fstp
mul-double fld/fmul/fstp
div-double fld/fdiv/fstp
rem-double fld/fdiv/fstp
add-int/2addr add/mov
sub-int/2addr sub/mov
mul-int/2addr mul/mov
div-int/2addr div/mov
rem-int/2addr div/mov
and-int/2addr and/mov
or-int/2addr or/mov
xor-int/2addr xor/mov
shl-int/2addr sal/mov
shr-int/2addr sar/mov
ushr-int/2addr shr/mov
add-long/2addr add/mov
sub-long/2addr sub/mov
mul-long/2addr mul/mov
div-long/2addr div/mov
rem-long/2addr div/mov
and-long/2addr and/mov
or-long/2addr or/mov
xor-long/2addr xor/mov
shl-long/2addr sal/mov
shr-long/2addr sar/mov
ushr-long/2addr shr/mov
add-float/2addr fld/fadd/fstp
sub-float/2addr fld/fsub/fstp
mul-float/2addr fld/fmul/fstp
div-float/2addr fld/fdiv/fstp
rem-float/2addr fld/fdiv/fstp
add-double/2addr fld/fadd/fstp
sub-double/2addr fld/fsub/fstp
mul-double/2addr fld/fmul/fstp
div-double/2addr fld/fdiv/fstp
rem-double/2addr fld/fdiv/fstp
add-int/lit16 add/mov
rsub-int sub/mov
mul-int/lit16 mul/mov
div-int/lit16 div/mov
rem-int/lit16 div/mov
and-int/lit16 and/mov
or-int/lit16 or/mov
xor-int/lit16 xor/mov
add-int/lit8 add/mov
rsub-int/lit8 sub/mov
mul-int/lit8 mul/mov
div-int/lit8 div/mov
rem-int/lit8 div/mov
and-int/lit8 and/mov
or-int/lit8 or/mov
xor-int/lit8 xor/mov
shl-int/lit8 sal/mov
shr-int/lit8 sar/mov
ushr-int/lit8 shr/mov